Good first I'm done.
And now let's match the second step making a method that will build a memory and experience replay.
So first of all how are we going to cut that method.
Well let's call this remember because this is about remembering the transitions that happened during
the training to remember and it's going to take three arguments for one's self of course for object.
And then the second one is going to be the transition that you want to remember those that you want
to add to the memory and then the third and last argument as we have to into here is game over.
And that's because you know when a transition happens well the game might be over in which case you
know we have to restart the episode and therefore we have to keep track of that game or as soon as the
transition happens so that we don't have to apply to did gurning step computing to last between the
predictions and the time you get over the whole batch.
No we don't have to do that.
If the game is over you know if the game is over we prefer we start from scratch rather than updating
the weights to improve things.
So we have to keep track of game over and that's our two arguments of this.
Remember method.
OK.
So remember very simply this method will just take as input a transition and will appended to the memory.
But at the same time it will make sure that the memory doesn't have more transitions than the maximum
size of the memory that we set.
So if that's the case if there is basically already one hundred transitions in the memory Well this
method will just lead the first transition and append the new one because it will always append a transition
here only if there is not room left.
It will just delete the first element.
So let's do this.
First we're going to get our memory and to append this transition to our memory Well we're going to
use the pen function which is a ready to use function of the list by instructor and therefore here what
we only have to do is just added that here and then append and in parenthesis of course we're going
to input what we want to append to the memory and that's of course our transitions.
So I'm copying this and I'm just pasting that here in the open function.
But then remember I also told you that each time a transition happens we also want to keep track of
what the game is over and therefore to this memory will not only append this transition but also the
result whether the game is over.
And so at this we will add that into a list of two elements for us first will be this transition and
the second element will be of course this game over a variable which will be true if the game is over.
All right perfect so we appended the useful information for the memory of experience replay.
And now remember we need to check that if indeed we went over the maximum size of the memory.
Well in order to keep the size below or equal to the maximum Well we're going to delete the first element.
And so now we want to check that if the length which is given by the function of our memory is going
to be larger than the maximum size of the memory which is a valuable object that we called itself that
max memory.
Well that's the case.
What are we going to do.
Well we're going to delete that first element of the memory which we can get by getting its first index
which is index 0 and that will deliver you know the first element of the memory if we are in this situation
that indeed after appending this transition to the memory Well it turned out that the men we went over
the maximum size of the memory.
OK.
And how perfect we are done with this method.
So we can move on to the third and final step four which we'll have to follow.
Really did you learn algorithm especially Step 6 here because indeed what will happen here.
From step 1 to step 5 will actually be done in the training.
So what we'll mostly implement in the next and final step is the step six here.
OK.
So we'll get predictions.
We'll get the target and then we'll return the inputs and the targets.
So let's implement this final method in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.